whoo fresh four-sided shipper wonder
what's going to be in there for supers
three regulars happy boy toy out another
one on the front pegs just my type of
day today
what's up Hot Wheels people I'm Shane
I'm usually behind the camera but today
I've decided to come on this side it's
up at krogers today they just put out a
new four-sided shipper and I just
happened to be the first one to get
there found for the super Ferraris and
for the 65 Ford rancheros it's not too
often that I get a chance to actually
hit a four-sided chipper freshly out so
I took them all they were seventy-nine
cents I couldn't resist but it's not too
often that I find for supers all in one
shot it took me about an hour to go
through that four-sided shipper properly
so this is 100th episode and we've
decided that we've got some extras
laying around from the last year of peg
hunting and whatnot and we've decided
that we're going to give them away so
you got to be subscribed and leave a
comment down below and then we'll have
our daughter probably put everything
into a hat you know we'll do it all
random like and pick five people in two
weeks and those five people are going to
get to get a few cars out of our our
random bin we've got a big blue band
that's got all of our our doubles of
treasure hunts special garage cars
variations whatnot that we've got spares
of and we don't really like to sell too
much so why not give them away so
remember to subscribe and comment down
below and maybe you can win some of it
till next time guys have a great hall
this is the bin I was talking about you
get a lot of our extras in here stuff we
bring home every once while we come
across two or three treasure hunts at
once doesn't happen often but other days
it was K day where all four of us got a
case and just happened to luck out with
for treasure hunts I'd honestly prefer
to give them somebody who would like
them instead of trying to sell them on
ebay for three or four dollars piece
doesn't really make any sense there's
really no profit there by the time
you're done with shipping and everything
so when I gives them away everybody's
here for one reason those Hot Wheels
we're all collectors most most of us are
so why not give them some bad you might
not have that particular one and just
wants it